hi everyone this video is just going to
be a really quick announcement to let
you guys know some changes as you guys
might have noticed I changed my username
here on YouTube to Julia graph which is
by real name and a lot of you guys have
been asking why I did that and also
there's some other changes money to let
you guys know so i changed my name
because when i originally signed up with
youtube you know i signed up with the
username mischievous and it wasn't been
really put a lot of thought into it i
think us most people who signed up they
just kind of like put in some username
and recently youtube has allowed people
to change their name with google+ pages
so i decided to do that because i just
think it's time to let go of the
mischievous moniker because i know a lot
of you guys know me as that on here but
the reason is a lot of you guys have
problems spelling that name it's kind of
a play on words so the spelling is not
obvious so a lot of you guys would look
for me on youtube or on my social media
sites and you didn't know how to spell
the name so you can find me on there and
that's like really annoying for you guys
um so I thought I would it change my
name to Julia graph on here and also
I've changed my Instagram and my Twitter
user name to something much simpler
because that was like spelled with Zeds
and like it was just not a logical
spelling and what you guys yeah couldn't
find me so both my user names on twitter
and on instagram are now hello Julia
graph if you were already falling me
before the name change I don't think you
have to do anything like you'll just see
my my pictures in your stream on
Instagram and like on Twitter and stuff
just with the new username I think it's
only for new followers like if you are
looking for me nots can be my new name
and I definitely encourage you guys to
go and follow me on Twitter and like get
involved because I get a lot of input
from
they're on like what kind of videos you
want to see facebook right now is going
to stay the same because you can't
change your username on facebook so boo
to that and also my website I will
probably change it in the future just so
that everything's kind of more
streamlined but as of right now it's
still the same as mischievous da te I
just think that I've kind of grown the
username miss just to like I don't know
I just think it's it's not really me
anymore I know a lot of you guys kind of
associated that name with me but I just
I don't like it anymore and I don't feel
like it reflects Who I am and so that's
why I made the changes i know a lot of
people on YouTube are taking advantage
of being able to change their username
so i decided to do that also just
because i think you know five years or
whatever it is being mischievous is is
enough thanks so much for watching and i
will see you guys soon I